[Music]
don't look now but here are 11 scary
books that won't let you sleep for
nights you'll probably agree that the
scariest types of books are
psychological horrors you know the ones
that get in your head and keep you on
your toes where fear is a vote from
inexplicable mysteries and paranoia you
can't sleep with the lights off for days
after reading such a book if you've
never enjoyed the thrill of this sort of
reading then have I got some
recommendations for you and don't worry
no spoilers ahead but before you learn
about some of the scariest stories of
all time hit the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side now let's kick this list off
with the king of horror mr. king himself
[Music]
number 11
mystery by Stephen King do you know what
happens when an insane woman becomes
obsessed with a writer story when Paul
Sheldon an author of Victorian era
romance novels gets into a road accident
during a snowstorm he doesn't have a
clue who his seemingly kind-hearted
rescuer really is and what she's capable
of Annie Wilkes an ex nurse is mr.
Sheldon's biggest fan
however she's unhappy with how his
latest book ended well perhaps unhappy
doesn't quite do it justice let's just
say she'll stop at nothing to get her
favorite writer to change the story's
ending and fix the damage believe me you
wouldn't want to end up in this poor
man's shoes
number 10 miss Peregrine's Home for
peculiar children by ransom Riggs on a
remote island far away from the mainland
there are the charred ruins of a
building that was once an orphanage
tragically it went up in flames after a
bomb strike many years ago leaving no
survivors
but when 16 year old Jacob explores the
crumbling construction he finds out that
this wasn't your typical children's home
and its inhabitants were anything but
usual they may have been sent to the
remote island for a reason and in some
sense they may be still alive
as soon as Jacob realizes this his
spine-chilling adventures begin number 9
Pet Sematary
by Stephen King there's a special
Cemetery in the small town of Ludlow
where locals bury their pets that have
passed away nothing strange you say but
what if I tell you that this cemetery
hides a terrifying mystery whatever is
buried there soon comes back to life
unfortunately not as it used to be but
something a lot more grotesque so a
doctor his wife their two children and
the family cat moving to an old house in
the town knowing nothing about this
secret at first they're the perfect
happy family but when tragedy strikes
the father makes a regrettable decision
and an already horrible situation turns
into a real nightmare but you gotta read
the book for all the gruesome details
number eight house of leaves by mark Z
Danielewski when a young family moves
into a house on ash-tree Lane they don't
know that this will be the worst
decision of their life seems like a
repeating pattern doesn't it first of
all the house is much space here on the
inside then it looks from the outside
whoo-hooo convenient right you wouldn't
think so if it was your little kids who
wandered off into the depths of this
strange home after that the children's
voices start to narrate horrible tales
about an ever growing abyss behind a
closet door about creatures borne by the
darkness and about the growl that will
soon tear through the house and consume
all the living Souls within hikes sounds
like Nightmare fuel to me number seven
the ruins by Scott Smith a group of
young people are searching for an
archaeological site in Mexico a friend
of theirs has set up camp somewhere in
the jungle eventually they come across
the location lonely and looming over the
trees an ancient pyramid is standing in
the heart of the forest it's covered in
bizarre vines and the land on the
clearing is barren and salted oddly
enough there's nobody around when the
friends climb the pyramid they come upon
a horrible sight shocked and confused by
their finding the young people tried to
flee the place no such luck
armed locals from a nearby village
forced them to remain on the pyramid
unlike the travelers the natives know
that anyone who's climbed the pyramid is
doomed
but you'll have to read the book to find
out what happens to these unfortunate
souls number six the haunting of Hill
House by a Shirley Jackson haunted
houses are traditionally at the top of
all horror fiction lists but this book
takes the very concept of the haunted
house to a whole new level the house and
historic seems to have its own angry and
sentient mind but that's not the
scariest part Eleanor the narrator of
the story seems reliable and relatable
enough for the reader to trust her but
this only evokes a false sense of
security and since the woman's descent
into the abyss of claustrophobia and
insanity progresses slowly and almost
unnoticeably this story may affect you
more than you'd expect
[Applause]
[Music]
number five The Shining by Stephen King
jet torrents a writer who suffers from
alcoholism gets a new job as an
offseason caretaker of a hotel in
wintery Colorado his wife Wendy and
little son Danny come along to this
remote location the family is hoping for
a new fresh start everything seems to be
going smoothly at least until all the
guests leave and Jack's family remain as
the only inhabitants of the hotel that's
when things start going south for little
Danny the boy gifted with telepathic
powers experiences the unprecedented
horror of seeing and communicating with
the ghosts of the hotel but these cursed
souls aren't the most terrifying thing
that can happen to the family just wait
the worst is yet to come
[Music]
number four we'll never be apart by
umeko gene a seventeen-year-old girl
named Alice has had it rough in life but
despite her family troubles she manages
to find some normalcy and even love now
she's locked in a psychiatric hospital
driven crazy after her arsonist twin
sister killed her boyfriend during her
long and boring days in the hospital
Alice writes down her dreams of getting
revenge
but when she makes friends with another
patient some memories begin to resurface
it seems that the girl's mind has mixed
up fact and fiction then what is the
true story give it a read to find out
[Music]
number three a brief lunacy by Cynthia
fair Karl and Jessie Jensen have been
together for 40 happy years but their
cozy peaceful life comes to an abrupt
end when they let a stranger into their
home the man appears at the door of the
couple's cabin asking for help
kind-hearted Lee Karl and Jesse offered
to let him use their phone and even
invite him to stay for dinner
however it doesn't take long for the
couple to realize that they've made a
fatal mistake the mysterious man knows a
lot more about the Jetsons than a
stranger is supposed to it turns out
he's not just some normal guy looking
for a helping ant Karl and Jesse will
have to try hard to win at this captors
crazy psychological games number two it
by Stephen King 7 kids live an ordinary
life in Derry Maine that is until the
tranquility of their existence is
interrupted one day after that nothing
is ever going to be the same again for
this group of friends the children are
stocked and terrorized by something only
known as it it's a supernatural entity
that can disguise itself and appear
seemingly out of nowhere but the
preferred form of this being is an evil
clown that preys on the kids and feeds
on their darkest fears it turns out that
it has been petrifying the town for
centuries the Beast appears once every
27 years wreaking havoc and destruction
will anyone manage to survive when it
comes next time
[Music]
number one sharp objects by Gillian
Flynn after a short stay in a mental
hospital boy that comes up a lot doesn't
it
reporter Camille pre-k is sent out on a
troubling trip she has to go back to her
hometown to write about a local tragedy
that's recently happened
Camille hasn't visited her neurotic
mother for many years and she doesn't
know her half-sister all that well this
striking thirteen-year-old girl has an
eerie and mysterious grip on the whole
town if Camille wants to get to the
truth behind the story she's covering
and survived her own homecoming she's
going to need to crack the puzzle of her
own past Wow now of course there's my
personal favorite sleepless book titled
goodnight moon by Margaret wise Brown oh
it's a classic all right but it's not at
all scary the bunny just says goodnight
to everything in the room and I mean
everything the problem comes when the
child wants you to read it again and
again and again and nobody gets any
sleep hmm maybe this should be in
another video so okay which of these
books have you read or are planning to
read first let us know down in the
comments remember to give this video a
like share it with all your bookworm
friends and subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life side of life